Now that we have our map, you rendering and our search hooked up, the next point that we need to get
to is the ability to render out the map markers that are required for this map.
So let's open up the map and then let's see how we're going to go about this.
So first and foremost, we're going to need our restaurants.
How do we get our restaurants?
Well, what we're going to need to do is we're going to need to pull in both the location context and
the restaurant context.
And for us to do that, we're going to need to import both location context and the restaurant context
from their service folder's.
That means a short little import statement here to make sure that we pull in the context.
And then once we have them, what we need to do here is inside of the map view.
We're going to have to do a type of restaurants that map where we're mapping over the restaurants,
getting the individual restaurant and then taking that information and rendering something out.
So for now, let's return null because we're not going to be rendering anything out.
And let's see let's see if our app still renders.
So if we go over to the map, you we're still good.
Now, how do we how do we render out a map marker?
Well, that's a good question.
The React Native Maps has something called map view that marker.
So we imported map view, but we also imported maps.
You wrapped map you with the style component.
But for this we're going to reference map view dot and we're going to do dot marker.
This is going to give us a marker that we're going to be able to use in order to determine a specific
position.
Now, where are we going to place this marker?
Well, that's a good question.
We don't even know where we are on the map yet, but if we put markers for each restaurant, we need
to give it coordinates.
So it's going to take some type of coordinates that's going to have a longitude latitude.
Now, before we get into that, how about we make our map, first of all, render out the correct space,
because right now our map markers are not going to be able to render out in the correct spot.
We need to figure out how we're going to get our map in the correct spot.
So let's put no back here and let's think about this.
So when we put together a location in our infrastructure folder.
In our services fold, or rather, we when we put together a location, the location Mark gave us back
geometry, and so far we've used longitude and latitude from the location object to determine how to
search for restaurants.
But now we need to use both this location and the viewport.
The viewport is referring to where on the map it's supposed to focus to determine how we're going to
let our map render out the correct spot.
In order to do this, we're going to need to do some math.
So what we're going to do is we're going to write a use effect.
And this use effect is going to be what is going to calculate exactly where we're supposed to render.
And it's going to change based on the location changing.
Now, what it's going to do for us is it's going to do some of the heavy lifting.
We're going to need to track something called Latitude Delta.
Latitude Delta is what determines how close the zoom level is going to be on the map.
And right now, we don't have any information about that just yet.
But how we calculate this is we do our viewport, so we're going to pull in our viewport from location.
That means we're going to do CONSED.
Viewport is equal to location.
And we're going to pull in our viewport in order to be able to calculate all of this now, are we exposing
our viewport currently on the location object?
Well, let's go look at location, context, and currently location is pulling in the following.
If we go into our service, currently, our location is pulling in Laerte and Lang from geometry location,
but we do not have a viewport.
So let's expose viewport by doing geometry dot.
And let's let's go double check if we do geometry, oh, it's geometry, dot viewport, OK, so geometry
dot viewport by exposing this now we'll have access to the viewport.
And if we cancel that log the viewport.
We'll be able to know what exactly is going on now, it's missing a dependency.
It also needs to take into account if the viewport changes.
And by doing this now, we're able to calculate.
So let's close this up.
Let's open up our terminal and let's go to where our code is running.
And now we can see that when we console that log out the viewport, we are getting a entire object right
here.
So if we do this.
Are we actually getting the correct output?
Let's go back to location, Mark.
Well, when we do the viewport, we should be getting northeast and southwest.
So let's go ahead and say DOT North East and let's see what that renders out when we re trigger the
render inside of here.
Well, now we're getting lat and langue amazing.
OK, so now we have our viewport ready, ready to rock and roll so we know that we have the information
that we need and to calculate the delta, what we're going to do is we're going to take the northeast
latitude and the southwest latitude and the delta is going to be the difference between the two of these.
And so we can we can we can shorten this by just writing this inside the Latitude Delta function.
Now that we know the latitude Delta, we need to use this information in some way.
So what does the map take while the map is going to take coordinates as well?
And when we say coordinates, we say region is equal to.
And then we can say latitude is equal to Laerte, longitude is equal to all LNG, and then the latitude
Delta is going to be Laerte Delta and then we're going to set the longitude delta.
To zero point zero two, which is a default zoom level that we have to determine that we want, and
now when we render out our map, well, first of all, we need to get Latin langue out here because
we need them for the map.
And then once we do that, if we go to our mapu, we are now zooming in on San Francisco.
And if we search for Antwerp, we're going to zoom in to Antwerp.
And if we search for Toronto, we're going to be zooming in to Toronto.
We search for Chicago, and now we can zoom in to Chicago.
So we've quickly built the ability for our map to take the information from the response, calculate
what zoom level it needs to be at with the longitude and latitude Delta, take the latitude and longitude
of the position and then put that as the maps region so that we can specifically see where we are on
the map.
And the same is true for Android.
San Francisco is rendering here and if we search for Antwerp, we'll be going to Antwerp and rendering
out the city center of Antwerp.
So that's amazing.
Just a couple of lines of code with all of the information that we already had available from our location,
context and our restaurants.
And we're able to put the map in the right position.
And now that we're able to put the map in the right position, what we can do is we can start rendering
out the markers for the restaurants.
But we need to dissect the restaurant information to determine where we're going to put the markers.
So let's go ahead and do that.